Computer Science Department:
Top Enrolled Course: "Introduction to Computer Science" with 120 students.
Highest Pass Rate: "Web Development" with a pass rate of 95%.
Highest Average Grade: "Web Development" with an average grade of "A".
Electrical Engineering Department:
Top Enrolled Course: "Introduction to Electrical Engineering" with 110 students.
Highest Pass Rate: "Renewable Energy" with a pass rate of 95%.
Highest Average Grade: "Renewable Energy" with an average grade of "A".
Fashion Technology Department:
Top Enrolled Course: "Introduction to Fashion Design" with 80 students.
Highest Pass Rate: "Fashion Marketing" with a pass rate of 94%.
Highest Average Grade: "Fashion Marketing" with an average grade of "A".
Mechanical Engineering Department:
Top Enrolled Course: "Introduction to Mechanical Engineering" with 120 students.
Highest Pass Rate: "Advanced Materials" with a pass rate of 93%.
Highest Average Grade: "Advanced Materials" with an average grade of "A".
Science and Mathematics Department:
Top Enrolled Course: "Calculus I" with 120 students.
Highest Pass Rate: "Introduction to Astronomy" with a pass rate of 94%.
Highest Average Grade: "Introduction to Astronomy" with an average grade of "A".
Humanities Department:
Top Enrolled Course: "Film Studies" with 110 students.
Highest Pass Rate: "Film Studies" with a pass rate of 92%.
Highest Average Grade: "Introduction to Linguistics" with an average grade of "A-".
Top Enrolled Course: "Introduction to Computer Science" in the Computer Science department with 120 students.

Highest Pass Rate: "Renewable Energy" in the Electrical Engineering department with a pass rate of 95%.

Highest Average Grade: "Web Development" in the Computer Science department with an average grade of "A".

Top Enrolled Department: Computer Science with a total enrollment of 915 students.

Department with the Highest Pass Rate: Electrical Engineering with an average pass rate of 90.5%.

Department with the Highest Average Grade: Fashion Technology with an average grade of 90.2%.

Overall Average Pass Rate: Approximately 90.2%.

Overall Average Grade: Approximately "A-" (considering letter grades)